here is all the necessary equipment you
will need to get properly dressed to
have fun and play hockey
our young player is already wearing
shorts containing a protective cup that
is mandatory equipment for any boy or
girl playing competitive hockey let's
start with the shin pads simply place
them on one at a time so that they cover
your shins and knees then securely
fasten the velcro straps around the back
of your calf this is how it should look
once the shin pads are on next it's time
to put on your hockey socks the key here
is to make sure the elastic part of the
sock is around your ankle now let's get
the hockey pants on pull them all the
way up and secure them tight it's time
to put on your hockey skates make sure
that you get your foot all the way into
the skate you can gently kick the heel
of your skate against the ground to help
ensure a proper fit let's strap on the
elbow pads place the elbow pad around
your elbow and using the velcro straps
securely fasten them around your arm
like so now for the shoulder pads just
slide the pads over your head like
you're putting on a t-shirt using the
velcro straps that are hanging from the
back of the pads securely fasten them
around to the front of the chest pad on
each side once the side straps are
secure you can then fasten the arm
straps the easiest way to do this is to
velcro the straps first then simply
slide your arm through
make sure the pads fit so that you're
able to move your arms up and down
freely now that all of your pads are on
and fastened securely you can put your
Jersey on alright let's lace up the
skates nice and snug it's important to
start at the toe of the skate and pull
on the laces to get a snug fit more than
you would for a shoe notice how our
player continues to get the laces snug
by pulling on them once you get to the
last three eyelets you can really start
to tighten the laces up it's also a good
idea to double knot the laces so they
don't become loose or come untied if you
need tape to help keep your hockey socks
and shin pads in place simply wrap each
leg a couple of times just below the
knee now for your hockey helmet if you
have a mouth guard attached to your
helmet bite down on it first when you
button the side snaps the chin piece
should fit right up against your chin or
slightly below it
now get your gloves and grab your hockey
stick if you're dressed like the boy at
this point in the video then get ready
it's time to have fun and play hockey